Grid Align -> Like in the flexbox section this also have a align section and 
works in the same way to the flexbox, we have two approaches to set the align 
of the elements and those are Content align and items align.

Content -> For this we have 2 properties and a shorthand, the content align 
set the alignment of the cells with respect to the container, it means align 
the set of elements like just one element with respect to the Grid.

Justify-Content: It's set the alignment for the elements in the horizontal axis
and have several values:
start/flex-start: Align the grid at the point 0 of the X axis.
end/flex-end: Align the grid at the last point of the X axis.
Space-Between: Fill all the container with no spaces with near the corners and put
               the same space between all the elements.
Center: Align all the elements to the center of the X axis.
Space-around: Define the same space between the elements and set the half of that 
              space between the container limits and the first/last element.
Space-evenly: Define a space between the elements and put the same space between
              theirs and the last/first element.
stretch: Default value and fill all the cell for get an alignment

Align-Content: Define the alignment of the grid in the Y axis with respect 
to the container, also have several values.
start: Put the elements at the point 0 of the Y axis.
end: Put the elements at the last point of the Y axis.
center: Put the elements at the middle of the Y axis.
stretch: Default value and fill all the cell for get an alignment.

Also have a shorthand for manage those properties, that is 
place-content: accept tow values that come from the Justify-Content and Align-Content
for example: center last or only center, when receive only one value put the same
for both properties.

Also have another type of alignment that is used for align the content of the each 
cell with respect to the cell limits.
Those are Justify-Items and Align-Items and works equal to the content properties
and have the shorthand place-items that works equal to the content.

Also we need modify the align item properties for a specific grid member, we 
reach that using the align-self and Justify-self properties.

We also can modify the order of the elements using the property order, this is 
0 by default for all the grid items that means the html is going to decide the 
order of the elements, increments that value is going to make that the specific
item will render at the end of the items.