Flex -> It is a value for the property display, and basically means that the element is going to be a flex content and 
that means that the inside element are going to works as flex elements.


For it we have two values: 
Flex -> Means that the container is going to be a flex container and block
Inline-Flex -> Flex container and inline element

Once declared the container as flex we have to modify several other properties, the first is 
flex-direction -> When we declare a container as flex the inside elements are displayed based on an axis X(colum) or Y(row), 
this property allows us modify the axis for the container, also we have the reverse values, those works in the same 
way of the initial value but in the reverse way, for example a flex-direction with value column is going to display
elements from the top to the bottom of the container and a column-reverse is going to set the elements from the
bottom to the top of the container. The default value is column

The second property that we could modify is 
flex-wrap -> This property modify the overflow behavior of the elements. When the size of the sons elements 
exceed the size of the container they make a overflow of the container by default, the property allow us modify the 
behavior of the elements when it overflow the container, to be concise it allows create another row or column of 
elements to avoid overflow the container the default value es nowrap and means to the son element to they should 
overflow the container, other value is wrap and it mean that the elements must create another row or column if they
are going to exceed the container and the last value is wrap-reverse and it woks like wrap but it push the element to 
the reverse order, for example if a flex with column direction creates new rows to the bottom of the current row
this creates new rows to the top of the current.

For the flex-wrap we need to take in account the size of the container, by default it is going to resize based on her sons
and with that behavior never will wrap cause the container is going to be resized.


Align Items with Flex

There are several ways to do that, however flex simplify it to align on the main axis and align on the cross axis.

Main Axis: Justify-content -> This allows us to align element on the main axis(take in account that the axis can be modify by the flex-direction).
On it we have several values:
    Flex-start: It draw the elements from the point 0 of the axis to up
    Flex-end: It draw the elements from the end of the axis to the point 0
    Space-between: draw the elements and put the same space between their(no space between borders and elements)
    Space-Around: Draw the elements and put the same space between their, and put a half space between the end and the last element
    Space-Evenly: Draw the elements and put the same space between their, and put a space of the same size 
                  between the last element and the end of the box.
    Center: Draw the element at the center of the axis

Cross Axis: Align-items -> This allows us to align the son elements on the cross axis, to do that we have
several values.
    Flex-start: Draw the elements from the point 0 of the axis to up.
    Flex-end: Draw the elements from the end to the point 0 of the axis.
    Center: Draw the elements at the center of the axis.
    Stretch: Draw the elements from the point 0 of the axis to up, but increase the size of the elements to reach the end of the axis.

Cross Axis: Align-content -> This allows os to align the son element on the cross axis but we use it when we have several lines of 
elements, why? because with the first approach the container is divide between the number of lines and apply align between that 
little parts of the content, this property allows us modify the align of the item like a only object. the way to work is exactly the 
same of the first one.

Cross axis: Align-self -> This property allows us modify the align of a specific item on the cross axis, works similar to align-item